In Rust, the **let** keyword is used to declare variables. It's the primary way to introduce a new variable or a binding to a value in a scope. Rust variables are immutable by default, meaning their value cannot be changed unless explicitly made mutable.
2 ways of declaring a variable , let x = 20; // **implicitly** type is decided by compiler or let x: i32 = 20; //explicitly type is given.
let allows you to initialize multiple variables at once. let (carrot,bunnies) = (80,5);
There are lots of bugs that wont happen if a value doesnt changes.So **Safety** is improved by immutability.  Data that cant be changed can be shared between multiple threads without locks, so **Concurrency** is improved by immutability. The compiler can also do extra optimizations on data it knows wont change. So **Speed** is improved by immutability. Thats why data is immutable in Rust by default - Therefore safety, concurrency and speed.
**rustc** is nothing but the underhood compiler cargo uses to compile our code.

**const** is used when we want more immutabilism, like const WRAP_FACTOR: f32 = 9.9 //here keyword is needed, the name should be snake case(all upper), the type has to be given or declared and the value should be an expression which can be determined at compile time. We use const for 2 reasons: 1 is because we can use it anywhere as it is **immutable global constant** and 2nd as const values are **inlined** at compile time, they are really fast.
In Rust, constant values declared using const are evaluated and inlined at compile time, meaning their values are substituted directly into the places where they are used. This can lead to better performance because no memory is allocated for them at runtime, and there is no need to perform a lookup or computation during execution.
